     LAMAR ALEXANDER
         TENNESSEE




                                              Mttd States Senate
                                                     WASHINGTON, DC 20510




                                                                 May 15,2012


           Dear Senators Boxer and Isakson,

                   My wife, Leslee B. Alexander, owns 17,1226% interest in her family’    s Texas
           corporation, the Starboard Corporation. Since 2003,1have reported her ownership o f this
           interest and relied on the Starboard Corporation to provide my accountants with a list o f
           underlying assets o f the corporation so that I could also list them on my annual financial report.

                   This year, while preparing my 2011 Financial disclosure, my accountants inquired o f the
           Starboard corporation whether the list o f underlying assets was up-to-date. On May 10, 2012,
           the corporation notified my accountants that one such asset had not been included on the list— a
           piece o f commercial real estate in San Antonio purchased by the Starboard Corporation in 2004.
           My accountants say that this property had not been reported to them previously.

                  This omission did not affect the accuracy o f the “
                                                                    amount or o f type o f income”from the
           Starboard Corporation reported on my annual financial disclosures between 2004 and 2010.
           What was inaccurate was failure to report ownership o f this one underlying asset o f the
           corporation, the San Antonio property.

                  In this year’s 2011 Financial Disclosure report, the San Antonio property is included
           along with ten other underlying assets o f the Starboard Corporation (all o f which have been
           previously reported) among our non-publicly traded assets and unearned income sources. It can
           be found on page 9, line 1 o f the 2011 report.

                  Looking ahead, I have talked both with my Nashville accountants and the Texas
           accountant for the Starboard Corporation and emphasized to them the importance o f reporting
           underlying assets and o f observing the new rules concerning reporting transactions within 30
           days. I do not own any publicly traded securities.

                     Should you have additional questions regarding this matter, please contact me at 202 224
            1989.


                                                                 Sim
                                                                 Sincerely,
$0
ST
iN                                                       Lamar Alexander
©
io
o
D
P
P
O
